United States presidential election 2016,Former Mexican president slams Trump's 'stupid wall',Seriously should charge other countries for child support since America takes care of them.
United States presidential election 2016,Former Mexican president slams Trump's 'stupid wall',"Go away Trump, We want BERNIE"
United States presidential election 2016,Former Mexican president slams Trump's 'stupid wall',Veronica Becerra
United States presidential election 2016,Former Mexican president slams Trump's 'stupid wall',he meant peso.
United States presidential election 2016,Former Mexican president slams Trump's 'stupid wall',How much money did the ex president steal from the people?
United States presidential election 2016,Former Mexican president slams Trump's 'stupid wall',NO. . . REALLY?!?
United States presidential election 2016,Former Mexican president slams Trump's 'stupid wall',After a trade embrgo they may not have a choice
United States presidential election 2016,Former Mexican president slams Trump's 'stupid wall',Who else will NOT be Voting for Trump!?!?!
United States presidential election 2016,Former Mexican president slams Trump's 'stupid wall',"Trump is not a bad guy, he is suffering from Affluenza (Rich Boy Sydrome) like that drunk boy from Texas who jumped bail to Mexico. He is racist but he don't know no better!
United States presidential election 2016,Former Mexican president slams Trump's 'stupid wall',"Mexico will Pay in one way or another, but they will pay... We voted in MORE Republican Career Politicians in the last two elections (like Cruz and Rubio) to stop the Liberals from destroying our country AND What Happened... NOTHING. Career Politicians Work for their BIG Donors... Donald Trump WILL Work For Us... We the People..
United States presidential election 2016,Former Mexican president slams Trump's 'stupid wall',I don't support Donald Trump. I definitely don't care what this clown has to say about any of it. They're running from your country.
United States presidential election 2016,Former Mexican president slams Trump's 'stupid wall',Former being key.
United States presidential election 2016,Former Mexican president slams Trump's 'stupid wall',Let's instead unite with Mexico and build a wall around Trump.
United States presidential election 2016,Former Mexican president slams Trump's 'stupid wall',Lmao but it's still funny.
United States presidential election 2016,Former Mexican president slams Trump's 'stupid wall',"Of course not. If you believed Trump could pull that off, you lack in education".
United States presidential election 2016,Former Mexican president slams Trump's 'stupid wall',Yeah OK....lol.
United States presidential election 2016,Former Mexican president slams Trump's 'stupid wall',We should build a wall around Trump. And fill it with concrete.
United States presidential election 2016,Former Mexican president slams Trump's 'stupid wall',The Coahuila money will pay for it!.
United States presidential election 2016,Former Mexican president slams Trump's 'stupid wall',"The idea that we have hoards of undocumented immigrants pouring across the border is a myth propagated by racist, right-wing media and political actors. Bernie Sanders".
United States presidential election 2016,Former Mexican president slams Trump's 'stupid wall',F Mexico... Keep your trash on your side of the fence!!
United States presidential election 2016,Former Mexican president slams Trump's 'stupid wall',Is Texas still planning to secede? That would be important to know because then it would have to be further north.
United States presidential election 2016,Former Mexican president slams Trump's 'stupid wall',"So.  Our ""Former President"" says that Jeb Bush would be a great President".
United States presidential election 2016,Former Mexican president slams Trump's 'stupid wall',"Trump will pay for it, he's rich".
United States presidential election 2016,Former Mexican president slams Trump's 'stupid wall',But his government will continue to instruct its citizens on how to sneak into the US.
United States presidential election 2016,Former Mexican president slams Trump's 'stupid wall',"Ok it is the American people that would be paying for a wall. Not the Mexican people if a wall would be built. Also if the Mexican people get mad about it. They can go right ahead and go back to their struggling lives in Mexico. But while they are currently here in America than work hard, be good American citizens and live happy in America while you are here."
United States presidential election 2016,Former Mexican president slams Trump's 'stupid wall',Of course not! It will make it harder to break our laws when they illegally come here. Nothing better than starting your new life by becoming a criminal right off the bat.
United States presidential election 2016,Former Mexican president slams Trump's 'stupid wall',"Sanctions, tax the hell out of American companies doing manufacturing there, make Mexico go through an embargo. They will pay."
United States presidential election 2016,Former Mexican president slams Trump's 'stupid wall',"OK no cents, we take pesos!"
United States presidential election 2016,Former Mexican president slams Trump's 'stupid wall',"If my memory serves me right (and it may not), this is the Mexican President who's family is/was in the USA illegally.  So who knows, maybe Trump could.  Only time will tell if we get a wall, and if we do who pays.  Blessings."
United States presidential election 2016,Former Mexican president slams Trump's 'stupid wall',"Oh yes they will pay for that wall! Trump, Trump, Trump."
United States presidential election 2016,Former Mexican president slams Trump's 'stupid wall',Oh yeah? Watch this: you either build and pay for the wall or say bye bye to to all American manufacturing in Mexico! BAM!
United States presidential election 2016,Former Mexican president slams Trump's 'stupid wall',And we care what the former President of Mexico thinks why? This makes me like #Trump even more... National Security first. To many Countries seem to think they have a say in our government and how we operate!
United States presidential election 2016,Former Mexican president slams Trump's 'stupid wall',Oh you will pay.
United States presidential election 2016,Former Mexican president slams Trump's 'stupid wall',Chump & his cult are embarrassing to our country.
United States presidential election 2016,Former Mexican president slams Trump's 'stupid wall',Save the bashing for the general election.
United States presidential election 2016,Former Mexican president slams Trump's 'stupid wall',Christine Peckman David Peckman.
United States presidential election 2016,Former Mexican president slams Trump's 'stupid wall',Oh yes they will or we will boycott tacos!
United States presidential election 2016,Former Mexican president slams Trump's 'stupid wall',Trump 2016 baby all the way  get rid of all of them  tired of calling  a business and geting some one who cant speak English give the American people their jobs back.
United States presidential election 2016,Former Mexican president slams Trump's 'stupid wall',Lol Lol Lol.
United States presidential election 2016,Former Mexican president slams Trump's 'stupid wall',Calderon?!...An ex-Mexican President that was found to have strong ties to Mexican Drug Cartels...That MoFu?!...LOL.
United States presidential election 2016,Former Mexican president slams Trump's 'stupid wall',They will pay for the wall..or the will be cut off.
United States presidential election 2016,Former Mexican president slams Trump's 'stupid wall',"Probably wont need to pay for it anyway, i know we'll have plenty of volunteers."
United States presidential election 2016,Former Mexican president slams Trump's 'stupid wall',He's a trade master Mexico does lots of trade with us.
United States presidential election 2016,Former Mexican president slams Trump's 'stupid wall',Why does DUMP want to build a wall?
United States presidential election 2016,Former Mexican president slams Trump's 'stupid wall',Donald trump is an idiot I wouldn't pay for it if I were Mexican.
United States presidential election 2016,Former Mexican president slams Trump's 'stupid wall',TRUMP NEEDS MENTAL HELP....
United States presidential election 2016,Former Mexican president slams Trump's 'stupid wall',Former lol irrelevant.
United States presidential election 2016,Former Mexican president slams Trump's 'stupid wall',I think Americans are forgetting that Mexico was one of the first responders during hurricane Katrina.
United States presidential election 2016,Former Mexican president slams Trump's 'stupid wall',Chris Hammer
United States presidential election 2016,Former Mexican president slams Trump's 'stupid wall',"have you seen ANY news from Europe in the last six months?  Geez.  When Germany has protests with signs saying ""Trump is Right""... what does that tell you?  They have tens of thousands of confirmations of ISIS and Al Queda posing as refugees.. ISIS stole a freaking passport making machine with US passport supplies back in October... hmmm... only an idiot would think that this is about religion..it's about the safety of America...every day there are more stories coming out of Europe about the refugees, and the most loving and accepting of the countries over there are rounding them up and sending them back.  Norway is paying them to just leave.  Germany's economy is collapsing under the stress, there have been numerous bombings, stabbings, and mass rapes across the entire European continent.. take five minutes and really look at the world around you...what is going on outside your little bubble.  This is about making sure America does not land in the same boat.